Now you know how we can go to the detail page of course.
It's something we did before when we went from the categories page to the category meals page so we
can use the same approach here.
And of course feel free to pass the video at this point and do that on your own.
That's absolutely something you can do here as a practice let's of course all do together though.
So in the category meals screen when we select a meal on select meal dysfunction or should trigger because
we're passing in dysfunction through on select meal to the meal item and there were binding it to on
press on the touchable passage here.
So dad should fire on select meal and therefore and category meals screen in dysfunction here we can
navigate those inside to find as render meal function where I render my meal item inside of my component
I have access to props and there since the category meal screen is our component we load with the help
of navigation I can access the navigation property and the navigate method and you learned that there
we can now pass and the root name where we want to go to and that would be meal detail.
So the root name we set up in the meals navigator this name here this will load the meal detail page
No we'll need to forward some data there and the data which I want to forward here of course is the
idea of the selected meal so that we can then load the details off that meal on that meal detail page
to render them there.
So in the category meals screen here we can set up param parents here on our navigate object on the
object we passed navigate and parents takes an object off key value Paris as you learned that's something
we did before and here I want to forward my meal idea which I of course can get from an item data because
item data item is a meal and every meal as you can see the model has an I.D. we're storing this here
hence here of course we can say item data not item dot I.D. That's what I want to forward with dead
we should go to the meal detail page and later we'll also be able to extract the I.D. off the meal we
load it.
So on the meal detail screen let's just see whether that works the meal idea is props navigation get
param and now the name was meal I.D. That's the parent name I'd show is here for storing the param if
you chose a different name here you need to choose a different name here or it use the same name there
of course and now we can select the meal for that let's import all meals from the dummy data file in
the data folder like this and now the selected meal here of course is meals find and then we run this
function every meal there and that's the meal where the meal idea matches the meal idea we extract that
up there that's our selected meal to prove that this works we can output it there select that meal dot
title and of course I also want to set the title in the header and that's also something you learned
you can do this by adding navigation options to this screen here navigation options and you'll learn
that if you want to retrieve something dynamic you do this with the help of this special function your
navigation data is what you get there dysfunction is called for you by react navigation as you learned
and now in their we have to return our navigation object our navigation options object but before we
return this we can use data we get from navigation data like our navigation prop which in turn allows
us to get access to Perrin so we can use navigation data dot navigation get param to get our meal idea
here as well and also retrieve our meal just as we're doing it up there in the component.
Do the same down there for the navigation options and with the meal selected we can of course here set
a header title to selected meal dot title and that's something we did before.
This is how we can extract data here in our navigation options and use that dynamic data there.
For example to set the header title
with this out of the way let's see where it works.
Maybe on Android let's go to light and lovely there we have all our recipes let's go to to sell it here
and here it is here's our title we also seed here so this is all loaded.
If you go to the Selman we instead see that.
So this is all working as it should.
Very nice to see.
Now it's time to take the next step because for example we want to to mark a meal as a favorite and
for this I want to have a star I can hear in the navigation which I can press.
That's something we're missing yet and we haven't learned about yet.
So it's a nice next step.